
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    diff -u immediately brings up both additions (+) and deletions (-) in the
    two files, eliminating the requirement to manually compare the text line
    by line. This is especially pertinent where a program's code can stretch
    to hundreds (or more) of lines. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You could undo changes, as well as see where new code changes have lead to
    issues and bugs

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    With Google Docs, the version is saved automatically with almost every
    change. This will lead to a large amount of versions, whereby it will be
    difficult to differentiate more important changes than others.

    Also, a version could be saved in a place that wouldn't make much sense,
    such as in the middle of a file. Not only does this not make sense, but
    the code would also not compile, either.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Saving multiple files in one commit allows changes to be made product-wide
    in a batch release.

    /Because projects will have files that interlink and relate to each other.
    So treating changes to a project, treating it as a whole is more stable
    than treating versions of seperate files seperately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log
    this gives a log of all the commits in the repository

    git log --stat
    this includes overview stats of insertions/deletions for each commit, in the log

    git diff
    this compares two different commits, showing what specific lines of code 
    were added/deleted

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Easy reversal – one can easily undo test codes. The retrieval of past
    versions/repos is easily executed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like to use it to store my projects as I learn Java/other
    languages, to be able to build a portfolio.